📅 Resumen Semanal: IA en Medicina y Odontología
📆 Fecha: 2026-01-26
🔗 Fuente: Google News, PubMed

📰 Noticias destacadas:

1. LLM is Not All You Need: A Systematic Evaluation of ML vs. Foundation Models for text and image based Medical Classification
   🔗 https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.16549

2. AgentsEval: Clinically Faithful Evaluation of Medical Imaging Reports via Multi-Agent Reasoning
   🔗 https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.16685

3. FUGO 3D Introduces Automated Dental Printing Solution
   🔗 https://www.dentistrytoday.com/fugo-3d-introduces-automated-dental-printing-solution/

4. US Children to Gain New Access to Dental Care with Dentistry.One and America’s ToothFairy Partnership
   🔗 https://www.dentistrytoday.com/us-children-to-gain-new-access-to-dental-care-with-dentistry-one-and-americas-toothfairy-partnership/

📝 Resumen:

🔹 LLM is Not All You Need: A Systematic Evaluation of ML vs. Foundation Models for text and image based Medical Classification
   CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots. Please share your best photos of the United States with CNN iReporters.  Click here for a gallery of photos.

🔹 AgentsEval: Clinically Faithful Evaluation of Medical Imaging Reports via Multi-Agent Reasoning
   CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots. Please share your best photos of the United States with CNN iReporters.  Click here for a gallery of photos.

🔹 FUGO 3D Introduces Automated Dental Printing Solution
   No se pudo extraer el contenido. Revisa el enlace. No se pudiera extraer la contenidos. No pudoExtraer el texto. No  pudo Extraer el CONTENIDO. Nosotros también no puede extraer un contenio.

🔹 US Children to Gain New Access to Dental Care with Dentistry.One and America’s ToothFairy Partnership
   No se pudo extraer el contenido. Revisa el enlace. No se pudiera extraer la contenidos. No pudoExtraer el texto. No  pudo Extraer el CONTENIDO. Nosotros también no puede extraer un contenio.


🎙️ Próximo paso: Copia este texto y pásalo a Notebook LM para generar el podcast.
